here down Oh ordered this three hours
ago bro what's going on and we're not
okay Danny you better leave a tip see
what am i drinking do not want another
drink you better go bro get another
order his friends make it you didn't
learn another drink I've told you that
when you talk about orders right here
they say it's better to get that phone
my friends what did you talk about
somebody ordered a drink it's my sauce
in here at least do you not have sauce
in the kitchen I asked me I have to have
a barbecue son you don't matter what the
[__] you asked for do you have sauce in
the kitchen yes or no yeah okay that's
what I'm saying and why not [__] my
last question sorry
calm down both am I playing with you but
don't worry about us man you left we
became stupid and what what what get to
knock your ass out welcome welcome our
DC it's cash 21 welcome to the channel
look I need y'all to turn on post
notifications I ain't gonna ask again
I'll finish drop some on the channel and
look and look you hear me you don't want
to miss this you know I broke this
here's what it is the China
notifications on you don't want to miss
this a subscribe like leave a lot of
likes a lot of comments you know there's
one more Cup
[Music]